Hai scan opacity and holographic amenity outfits (#9562)
endless-sky/endless-sky: data/hai/hai outfits.txt

# You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License along with
# this program. If not, see <https://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.

outfit "Phantom Pallet"
	category "Systems"
	cost 12000
	thumbnail "outfit/phantom pallet"
	"mass" 0.2
	"unplunderable" 1

> 	"energy consumption" 0.016667
> 	"heat generation" 0.03334

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	"energy consumption" 0.015
	"heat generation" 0.03
```
We generally try to avoid having these kinds of approximated recurring decimals in the files.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

	# Replacing 30% of your cargo bay with these triples your cargo scan time.
	"cargo space" -1
	"cargo scan opacity" 15

> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

# You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License along with
# this program. If not, see <https://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.

outfit "Phantom Pallet"
	category "Systems"
	cost 12000
	thumbnail "outfit/phantom pallet"
	"mass" 0.2
	"unplunderable" 1
	"energy consumption" 0.016667
	"heat generation" 0.03334

	# Replacing 30% of your cargo bay with these triples your cargo scan time.
	"cargo space" -1
	"cargo scan opacity" 15

	description "This Unfettered modification of the standard Hai Holopad is a borderline-illegal smuggling tool."
	description "Holopads are small versions of the Hai Holovid Zone. They have holographic projectors, textured forcefields, and phase array speakers. As a mid-priced but powerful option, it's often seen in meeting rooms, arcades, and personal gaming setups. Several can be packed together to make a larger holographic space."

> 	description "Unfettered Phantom Pallets are more durable and stealthy Holopads. They can hide under floors, in walls, or in ceilings, and remain undetected. Install them in your cargo bay and project fake cargo as sensor ghosts. They confuse scanners into scanning empty space instead of contraband. That can make the difference between seized cargo and delivering needed goods."

Reviewer 3: Not sure what "stealthy" means as a descriptor here: maybe "low-profile" or "...Holopads designed for stealth." Minor suggestion/nitpick.

Author: I rewrote the first and third paragraphs. How are they now?

Reviewer 3: This revision reads well to me; it has my approval.

> 	description "Unfettered Phantom Pallets are more durable and stealthy Holopads. They can hide under floors, in walls, or in ceilings, and remain undetected. Install them in your cargo bay and project fake cargo as sensor ghosts. They confuse scanners into scanning empty space instead of contraband. That can make the difference between seized cargo and delivering needed goods."

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
	description "Unfettered Phantom Pallets are more durable and stealthy Holopads. They can hide under floors, in walls, or in ceilings while remaining undetected. Install them in your cargo bay and project fake cargo as sensor ghosts. They confuse scanners into scanning empty space instead of contraband. That can make the difference between seized cargo and delivering needed goods."
```
I think this flows better, but it's up to you

> 	description "This borderline-illegal smuggling tool is an Unfettered modification of the standard Hai Holopad. It is durable enough to survive a firefight and is hard to detect."
> 	description "Holopads are small versions of the Hai Holovid Zone. They have holographic projectors, textured force fields, and phase array speakers. As a mid-priced but powerful option, it's often seen in meeting rooms, arcades, and personal gaming setups. Several can be packed together to make a larger holographic space."
> 	description "Unfettered Phantom Pallets can hide under floors, in walls, or in ceilings while remaining undetected. Install them in your cargo bay and project fake cargo as sensor ghosts. This confuses scanners into scanning empty space instead of contraband. That can make the difference between seized cargo and delivering needed supplies."

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
	description "This borderline-illegal smuggling tool is an Unfettered modification of standard Hai holographic technology, durable enough to survive a firefight and easily hidden under floors, in walls, or in ceilings while remaining undetected. An enterprising privateer might pad their cargo bay with these pallets and project fake cargo as sensor ghosts, confusing scanners into scanning empty space instead of contraband; that extra time has been known to make the difference between seized cargo and delivering needed supplies."
```

Author: This changes the meaning of the outfit from:

- Unfettered made a simple modification to an outfit that is basically identical

To

- This is a clever new Unfettered device they made with holographic technology

The reason I went with the former is because someone earlier in the comment chain didn't want the Unfettered to waste resources making novel holographic outfits. Having it be a simple modification of a Holopad means the Unfettered were using their resources effectively.

Also, you're removing some interesting color, about the Holopad's use in Hai arcades, and the like.

Reviewer 4: I didn't think repeating the description about arcades was necessary when it was already covered in the holovid zone's description. I'll try to adjust it.

Author: They are separate outfits from separate factions. Players may encounter them in either order.

Reviewer 4: Yes, but that's not really its main purpose, so I thought it was redundant.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
	description `Hai holographic outfits are made up of a set of individual "holopads" which work together to create a larger scene. The Phantom Pallet is an Unfettered variation of these holopads, durable enough to survive a firefight and easily hidden under floors, in walls, or in ceilings while remaining undetected. An enterprising privateer might pad their cargo bay with these and project fake cargo as sensor ghosts, confusing scanners into scanning empty space instead of contraband; that extra time has been known to make the difference between seized cargo and delivering needed supplies.`
```
How about this?

outfit "Holovid Zone"
	category "Systems"
	cost 320000
	thumbnail "outfit/holovid zone"
	"mass" 20
	"outfit space" -20
	"unplunderable" 1
	"holographic entertainment" 1
	"energy consumption" 0.5
	"heat generation" 1.0
	"cargo scan opacity" 150
	"outfit scan opacity" 150

> 	description "Behold the ultimate in immersive holographic entertainment: the Holovid Zone. Its holographic projectors and textured force fields present lifelike visuals. A phase array speaker system can emanate sounds from anywhere in the room. Connect this to your scanners to view a tactical situation as it evolves, or to your communications systems for a real-time 3D conference. Dazzle your passengers with the latest in holovids and games."
> 	description "The possibilities are endless... especially for a sly captain who misuses the device. Should authorities seek contraband or illegal outfits, a Holovid Zone may fool them long enough for you to escape. Deathsticks are hard to find in a ship with fifty tons of holographic straw."

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
	description "Hai holographic technology far exceeds the comparable human equivalents, and nowhere is this best exemplified than in the Holovid Zone. Its holographic projectors and textured force fields present lifelike visuals, while phase array speakers emanate sounds from anywhere in the room."
	description "	For the Hai, such technology is commonplace, being used to create 3D conference rooms, holovid theaters, immersive arcades, and more. Some Hai captains even install a Holovid Zone on their command deck to see a real-time tactical evaluation of a battle."
	description "	The possibilities are endless... especially for a sly captain who misuses the device. Should authorities seek contraband or illegal outfits, a Holovid Zone may fool them long enough for a smuggler to escape. Deathsticks are hard to find in a ship with fifty tons of holographic straw."
```

Author: This part doesn't make sense, given that Hai don't have battles:

> Some Hai captains even install a Holovid Zone on their command deck to see a real-time tactical evaluation of a battle.

Reviewer 4: I mean, there is Wah Ki, isn't there?

Author: The Fettered Hai don't consider that a battle. And we know they don't install it in their ships for combat situations; none of the combat designs have them.

Reviewer 4: Perhaps they did install them in the past.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
	description "Hai holographic technology far exceeds the comparable human equivalents, and nowhere is this best exemplified than in the Holovid Zone. Its holographic projectors and textured force fields present lifelike visuals, while phase array speakers emanate sounds from anywhere in the room."
	description "	For the Hai, such technology is commonplace, being used to create 3D conference rooms, holovid theaters, gaming arcades, and more. In the past, Hai captains used to install Holovid Zones on their command deck, allowing them to generate tactical evaluations of battles in real-time."
	description "	The possibilities are endless... especially for a sly captain who misuses the device. Should authorities seek contraband or illegal outfits, a Holovid Zone may fool them long enough for a smuggler to escape. Deathsticks are hard to find in a ship with fifty tons of holographic straw."
```

# You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License along with
# this program. If not, see <https://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.

outfit "Phantom Pallet"

> 	plural "Phantom Pallets"

Reviewer 5: No need for this, that's the default plural anyways.

	category "Systems"
	cost 12000
	thumbnail "outfit/phantom pallet"
	"mass" 0.2
	"unplunderable" 1

> 	"energy generation" -0.016667

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	"energy consumption" -0.016667
```

	"heat generation" 0.03334

> 	# Replacing 30% of your cargo bay with these triples your cargo scan time.

Reviewer: Are you sure about this? It looks to me like replacing 30% of your cargo bay with these would slightly more than quintuple your cargo scan time.

Suppose you have X cargo.
If you replace 30% of your cargo with these, you now have 0.3X of them.
That's a cargo scan opacity of (0.3X * 15 = 4.5X).
So you now have 0.7X cargo and 4.5X cargo scan opacity, which means in total your effective cargo hold for scanning should be 5.2X the size.

Author: Look at the scan formula. The scanning rate is not linearly dependent on the depth. It is proportional to the depth raised to the power of -0.666666666666666666666.

Reviewer: Oh, right. The comment is correct, then (5.2 ^ 0.666... = 3.001).

	# Do not change these numbers without recalculating the resulting scan time.
	"cargo space" -1
	"cargo scan opacity" 15

	"illegal" 12000
	description "These illegal devices confuse scanners and cargo inspectors seeking contraband. They use holographic visuals, textured force fields, and audio to create realistic-seeming cargo. Hide them in walls, floors, crates, or anywhere else they fit. The projector will generate crates, barrels, piles, and whole shelving units. Beware the fines: the pallets themselves are illegal. Many a captain has lost more money to pallet fines than they've gained from smuggling."

outfit "Holovid Zone"

> 	plural "Holovid Zones"

Reviewer 5: same here

	category "Systems"
	cost 320000
	thumbnail "outfit/holovid zone"
	"mass" 20
	"outfit space" -20
	"unplunderable" 1
	"holographic entertainment" 1

> 	"energy generation" -0.5

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	"energy consumption" 0.5
```

	"heat generation" 1.0
	"cargo scan opacity" 150
	"outfit scan opacity" 150

> 	description "Behold the ultimate in immersive holographic entertainment: the Holovid Zone. Its holographic projectors and textured force fields present lifelike visuals. A phase array speaker system can emanate sounds from anywhere in the room. Connect this to your scanners to view a tactical situation as it evolves. Or your communications systems for a real-time 3D conference. Dazzle your passengers with the latest in holovids and games."

Reviewer 6: ```suggestion
	description "Behold the ultimate in immersive holographic entertainment: the Holovid Zone. Its holographic projectors and textured force fields present lifelike visuals. A phase array speaker system can emanate sounds from anywhere in the room. Connect this to your scanners to view a tactical situation as it evolves, or to your communications systems for a real-time 3D conference. Dazzle your passengers with the latest in holovids and games."
```

Author: I'm not thrilled with either of the descriptions. Correcting the grammar is definitely a good idea, though.

Author: I rewrote the Phantom Pallet description after changing the stats.

	"heat generation" 0.03334

	# Replacing 30% of your cargo bay with these triples your cargo scan time.
	"cargo space" -1
	"cargo scan opacity" 15

	description "This Unfettered modification of the standard Hai Holopad is a borderline-illegal smuggling tool."

> 	description "Holopads are small versions of the Hai Holovid Zone. They have holographic projectors, textured forcefields, and phase array speakers. As a mid-priced but powerful option, it's often seen in meeting rooms, arcades, and personal gaming setups. Several can be packed together to make a larger holographic space."

Reviewer 6: ```suggestion
	description "Holopads are small versions of the Hai Holovid Zone. They have holographic projectors, textured force fields, and phase array speakers. As a mid-priced but powerful option, it's often seen in meeting rooms, arcades, and personal gaming setups. Several can be packed together to make a larger holographic space."
```

> 	description "Unfettered Phantom Pallets are more durable and stealthy Holopads. They can hide under floors, in walls, or in ceilings, and remain undetected. Install them in your cargo bay and project fake cargo as sensor ghosts. They confuse scanners into scanning empty space instead of contraband. That can make the difference between seized cargo and delivering needed goods."

Reviewer 6: > This Unfettered modification of the standard Hai Holopad is a borderline-illegal smuggling tool.

> Unfettered Phantom Pallets are more durable and stealthy Holopads.

This feels a bit redundant.

Author: I rewrote the first and third paragraphs. How are they now?
